Update readme (#30)
upfluence/rbutils: README.md

# Rbutils

# Description

Upfluence-utils is a utility box for ruby ​​projects. Some important abstractions are:

- Sentry error logger

- Base Api Endpoint

- Middlewares

- Mixins

## Usage

> Add in your gemfile the `gem 'upfluence-utils'` and run `bundle install`

Reviewer: I always found it very confusing that the repo name was different than the gem name.
It makes it harder to find it if you don't know it (not sure we can do much about it though)

Reviewer 2: IMO we can rename it since this should not break anything (just a link somewhere https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aupfluence%20rbutils&type=code). And you right this will remove some confusion about it.

Reviewer 3: Definitely a good idea

Author: changed, some link should be broken because we need to change the repo name, but should be good after that

### Sentry error logger

> Upfluence-utils provide the tool to notify sentry once one ruby is raised

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upfluence-utils provide the tool to notify sentry when a ruby error is raised
``` 
?

Reviewer: also what tool ? small exemple on how to use them ?

Author: Its based on sentry-ruby sdk, i added a quick explanation. Let me know if its good for you. Tks!

### Base ApiEndpoint

The class APIEndpoint can be inherited from your new endpoint mapped class in you ruby project, so you can take advantage of some resources, like:

- Healthcheck endpoint
- Access token validation
- Request body and serialize json_params
- `respond_with` to easily serialize a body response
- Base errors

to use you can inherit like:
```ruby
class YourClassEndpoint < Upfluence::Endpoint::ApiEndpoint
end
```

### Middlewares

Provide some utils for http requests, such as:

- Headers builder
- Cors
- Prometheus logger
- Base Exceptions

### Mixins

Based on the concept of [mixins](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mixin#:~:text=at%20the%20time.-,Definition,mixed%20in%20with%20other%20classes.), this classes provides some good tools, like:

- Pagination
- StrongParameters (class to validate params received/sent on endpoint)

you can use mixins from upfluence-utils like:

```ruby
    class YourClassEndpoint < AuthorizedEndpoint
      include Upfluence::Mixin::Pagination
      include Upfluence::Mixin::StrongParameters
    end

> ```

Reviewer: i would add a small part about how to use pagination, smth like :
"You need to define a `paginated_model` in your endpoint. That will allow you to make use of the `respond_with_pagination` helper"
Maybe link same simple endpoint where it's used

Author: should be better now

# Rbutils

# Description

> Upfluence-utils is a utility box for ruby ​​projects. Some important abstractions are:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Upfluence-utils is an utility box for ruby ​​projects. Some important abstractions are:
```

- Sentry error logger

- Base Api Endpoint

- Middlewares

- Mixins

## Usage

Add in your gemfile the `gem 'upfluence-utils'` and run `bundle install`

### Sentry error logger

> Upfluence-utils provide the tool to notify sentry when a ruby error is raised.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Upfluence-utils provides the tool to notify sentry when a ruby error is raised.
```

> Its based on 'sentry-ruby' sdk, you can check the [documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/ruby/?original_referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2F).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is based on the 'sentry-ruby' sdk, you can check the [documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/ruby/).
```
Might not need the referer :smile:

> Upfluence-utils also already provide the [basic configuration](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/ruby/configuration/options/?original_referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2F) [here](https://github.com/upfluence/rbutils/blob/fd9bb88960f7dbe04dc43180489207d2739cb0ff/lib/upfluence/error_logger/sentry.rb#L17) so it works like 'plug and play' and you just have to be aware of the environment variables.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Upfluence-utils also already provides the [basic configuration](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/ruby/configuration/options/?original_referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2F) [here](https://github.com/upfluence/rbutils/blob/fd9bb88960f7dbe04dc43180489207d2739cb0ff/lib/upfluence/error_logger/sentry.rb#L17) so it works like 'plug and play' and you just have to be aware of the environment variables.
```

### Base ApiEndpoint

The class APIEndpoint can be inherited from your new endpoint mapped class in you ruby project, so you can take advantage of some resources, like:

- Healthcheck endpoint
- Access token validation
- Request body and serialize json_params
- `respond_with` to easily serialize a body response
- Base errors

> to use you can inherit like:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can inherit it like this:
```

```ruby
class YourClassEndpoint < Upfluence::Endpoint::ApiEndpoint
end
```

### Middlewares

Provide some utils for http requests, such as:

- Headers builder
- Cors
- Prometheus logger
- Base Exceptions

### Mixins

> Based on the concept of [mixins](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mixin#:~:text=at%20the%20time.-,Definition,mixed%20in%20with%20other%20classes.), this classes provides some good tools, like:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Based on the concept of [mixins](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mixin#:~:text=at%20the%20time.-,Definition,mixed%20in%20with%20other%20classes.), these classes provide some good tools, like:
```

- Pagination
- StrongParameters (class to validate params received/sent on endpoint)

you can use mixins from upfluence-utils like:

```ruby
    class YourClassEndpoint < AuthorizedEndpoint
      include Upfluence::Mixin::Pagination
      include Upfluence::Mixin::StrongParameters
    end
```

#### Pagination

For pagination, you can be inspired on this example:

```http

> [GET] /my_entity/?per_page=1,page=1

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[GET] /my_entity/?per_page=1&page=1
```
Wouldn't that be the right http structure here? :thinking:
